.NET Aspire release 9.3 content (#3926)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/cli-reference/aspire-exec.md

---
title: aspire exec command
description: Learn about the aspire exec command and its usage. This command builds and runs an Aspire AppHost project, then sends commands to a resource.
ms.date: 07/25/2025
---
# aspire exec command

**This article applies to:** ✔️ Aspire CLI 9.4.0 and later versions.

> [!NOTE]
> This command is disabled by default. To use it, turn on the feature toggle by running:
>
> ```Aspire
> aspire config set features.execCommandEnabled true
> ```
>
> For more information, see [aspire config command](aspire-config.md).

## Name

> `aspire exec` - Run an Aspire app host to execute a command against the resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aspire exec` - Run an Aspire AppHost to execute a command against the resource.
```
